Ah!
I mean you are not Xiaojiu
Even if the soul is changed
It may not be able to enter Xiaojiu's body
It's mysterious and dangerous
Don't try it lightly
What Nangong said is very reasonable.
Since it can't be replaced for the time being
Then take this opportunity to help Shanshan first
The lady is in the palace for dinner this time
Why not bring Nangong?
But only brought me
I have seven servants
You can't just bring one, let's talk about it
How is Nangong so handsome?
Come in, okay, I won't tease you
I heard that the spoon in charge of this public screening is Mr. Chunyu
Just in time for you father and son to meet
I brought you here
Thank you ma'am
You are my waiter after all
Is it right to treat you?
a lift of the hand
Why hasn't Shanshan come yet?
Sister, I found some news
You were injured because of the exquisite sword
But there is still an impression